#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with Python 3.12
# by the following command:
#
#    pip-compile requirements.in
#
asgiref==3.7.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   django
attrs==23.2.0
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   referencing
certifi==2024.7.4
    # via requests
cffi==1.16.0
    # via cryptography
charset-normalizer==3.3.2
    # via requests
crispy-bootstrap5==2024.2
    # via -r requirements.in
cryptography==43.0.0
    # via
    #   jwcrypto
    #   pyjwt
defusedxml==0.7.1
    # via python3-openid
dj-database-url==2.2.0
    # via environs
dj-email-url==1.0.6
    # via environs
django==5.0.7
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   crispy-bootstrap5
    #   dj-database-url
    #   django-allauth
    #   django-crispy-forms
    #   django-oauth-toolkit
    #   djangorestframework
    #   drf-spectacular
    #   drf-spectacular-sidecar
django-allauth==0.61.1
    # via -r requirements.in
django-cache-url==3.4.5
    # via environs
django-crispy-forms==2.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   crispy-bootstrap5
django-oauth-toolkit==2.3.0
    # via -r requirements.in
djangorestframework==3.15.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   drf-spectacular
drf-spectacular==0.27.1
    # via -r requirements.in
drf-spectacular-sidecar==2024.3.4
    # via -r requirements.in
environs[django]==9.5.0
    # via -r requirements.in
gunicorn==21.2.0
    # via -r requirements.in
idna==3.7
    # via requests
inflection==0.5.1
    # via drf-spectacular
jsonschema==4.23.0
    # via drf-spectacular
jsonschema-specifications==2023.12.1
    # via jsonschema
jwcrypto==1.5.6
    # via django-oauth-toolkit
marshmallow==3.21.3
    # via environs
oauthlib==3.2.2
    # via
    #   django-oauth-toolkit
    #   requests-oauthlib
packaging==24.1
    # via
    #   gunicorn
    #   marshmallow
psycopg2-binary==2.9.9
    # via -r requirements.in
pycparser==2.22
    # via cffi
pyjwt[crypto]==2.8.0
    # via django-allauth
python-dotenv==1.0.1
    # via environs
python3-openid==3.2.0
    # via django-allauth
pyyaml==6.0.1
    # via drf-spectacular
referencing==0.35.1
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   jsonschema-specifications
requests==2.32.3
    # via
    #   django-allauth
    #   django-oauth-toolkit
    #   requests-oauthlib
requests-oauthlib==2.0.0
    # via django-allauth
rpds-py==0.19.1
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   referencing
sqlparse==0.4.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   django
typing-extensions==4.12.2
    # via
    #   dj-database-url
    #   jwcrypto
uritemplate==4.1.1
    # via drf-spectacular
urllib3==2.2.2
    # via requests
whitenoise==6.6.0
    # via -r requirements.in
